# 2025 Week 39 DRAFT

Things:
- NRFA product showcase
- backups
	- mistakes
	- current setup
- longer term plan
- book club
- metadata site ids
- phenocam ingestion
- pytest



### NRFA

The NRFA work has been taking over the last few weeks, lots of progress across different areas:
- NRFA metadata
- Stakeholder engagement
- Product showcase
- Designing processing
- Responding to the great feedback we are getting from the NRFA team


### Backups

We had an unfortunate cost explosion when setting up the backups for our raw timeseries sensor data. The backup was set to run every hour, with the initial run estimated to cost $10-15 and future incremental backups to cost a few pennies. Unfortunately our backups were failing for a week which cause the costs to balloon since it was costing us $10-15 per hour! We fixed stopped this promptly once noticed and configured cost alerts that get sent to people at CEH so we can respond quicker if a cost explosion was to happen again.



We've fixed the backups now and our fdri raw data is being backup to another s3 bucket using the glacier tier.


### Medium Term Timeseries Plan

This week we collectively came up with a medium level plan for the work we are currently doing and were we think we will be in 3 months.

### Metadata Site IDs

Ongoing discussion on getting a complete list of current site ids and how our processes should look.


#### Phenocam ingestion

The phenocam ingestion process is now indexed in postgres for quicker lookup and searches across the images. This was the first time we are connecting to the database from our k8s cluster, this required some linked between AWS IAM Roles -> K8s Roles -> Postgres Roles. A write up of this is available here: https://github.com/NERC-CEH/fdri_words/blob/main/timeseries/RDS-Database-Access.md



### Other write ups
- NRFA
- debugging k8s
- etc
